README.md, before:

# analog-inspection
List of freely available analog media inspection templates, forms, or reports.

## TEMPLATES/FORMS
- **Guggenheim Museum**, Conservation Department (date unknown) | [Media Report: Tape](http://media.guggenheim.org/content/New_York/collections/Conservation/MediaReport-Tape.pdf); [Media Report: Film](http://www.guggenheim.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/guggenheim-conservation-iteration-report-film-2012.pdf)
- **Tate** (date unknown) | [Condition Reports](http://www.tate.org.uk/about/projects/matters-media-art/condition-report-guidelines): discs, equipment, films, hard-discs, slides, tapes
- **Tanisha Jones, Moving Image Archiving & Preservation, New York University** (2005) | [Video Prioritization, Selection, and Inspection Overview and Form](http://www.nyu.edu/tisch/preservation/program/student_work/2005spring/05s_3403_jones_a3.doc)
- **Independent Media Arts Preservation (IMAP)** (c.2006) | [Videotape Inspection Form](http://www.eai.org/resourceguide/preservation/singlechannel/pdf/videotape_inspection_form.pdf)

## HOW TO CONTRIBUTE
Please add your own inspection or condition assessment templates and forms to the list above. Order does not dictate preference. Appropriate additions may include:
- inspection reports/forms/templates
- condition reports/forms/templates
- instructional guides for inspecting or assessing the condition of analog film, audio, or video

#### Add or Comment on Issues

Anyone is welcome to start a new issue by selecting the `Issues` tab in GitHub and clicking [New Issue](https://github.com/amiaopensource/analog-inspection/issues/new).

All existing issues, open and closed, may be reviewed or commented upon in the [Issues](https://github.com/amiaopensource/analog-inspection/issues) section.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Special thanks to Katherine Nagels for the initial list of resources.

Commit message:

crowdsourced analog media identification resources, h/t Dinah Handel, Lauren Sorensen, Rebecca Fraimow"

README.md, after:

# analog-inspection
List of freely available analog media inspection templates, forms, or reports.

## TEMPLATES/FORMS
- **Guggenheim Museum**, Conservation Department (date unknown) | [Media Report: Tape](http://media.guggenheim.org/content/New_York/collections/Conservation/MediaReport-Tape.pdf); [Media Report: Film](http://www.guggenheim.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/guggenheim-conservation-iteration-report-film-2012.pdf)
- **Tate** (date unknown) | [Condition Reports](http://www.tate.org.uk/about/projects/matters-media-art/condition-report-guidelines): discs, equipment, films, hard-discs, slides, tapes
- **Tanisha Jones, Moving Image Archiving & Preservation, New York University** (2005) | [Video Prioritization, Selection, and Inspection Overview and Form](http://www.nyu.edu/tisch/preservation/program/student_work/2005spring/05s_3403_jones_a3.doc)
- **Independent Media Arts Preservation (IMAP)** (c.2006) | [Videotape Inspection Form](http://www.eai.org/resourceguide/preservation/singlechannel/pdf/videotape_inspection_form.pdf)


## IDENTIFICATION RESOURCES
- **University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Preservation Self-Assessment Program (PSAP)** | [Format ID Guide](https://psap.library.illinois.edu/format-id-guide)
- **California Audiovisual Preservation Project** | [Audiovisual Formats: A Guide to Identification](http://calpreservation.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/2013-Audiovisual-Formats_draft_webversion-2013oct15.pdf)
- ** Texas Commission on the Arts ** | [Videotape Identification and Assessment Guide](http://www.arts.texas.gov/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/video.pdf)

## HOW TO CONTRIBUTE
Please add your own inspection or condition assessment templates and forms to the list above. Order does not dictate preference. Appropriate additions may include:
- inspection reports/forms/templates
- condition reports/forms/templates
- instructional guides for inspecting or assessing the condition of analog film, audio, or video

#### Add or Comment on Issues

Anyone is welcome to start a new issue by selecting the `Issues` tab in GitHub and clicking [New Issue](https://github.com/amiaopensource/analog-inspection/issues/new).

All existing issues, open and closed, may be reviewed or commented upon in the [Issues](https://github.com/amiaopensource/analog-inspection/issues) section.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Special thanks to Katherine Nagels for the initial list of resources.
